---
title: Why Forgiving Someone Else Is Really About You 
标签:  life kit, 
创建日期: 2020年09月19日
---

这篇文章主要是我对播客上的Life Kit频道中的一期节目做的比较粗糙的笔记。这期节目的标题是 《**Why Forgiving Someone Else Is Really About You**》。主要是讲如何原谅他人，原谅不是为了他人，更多是为了自己。这期节目提供了5个tips来帮助我们怎么理解forgiving以及如何做。

Without forgiveness, accumulated resentments extract a toll, says forgiveness coach Kym Kennedy.

"Those emotions turn into disease," she says. "We just stuff it, and that becomes toxic ... it turns dysfunctional."
 
Kennedy became a certified forgiveness coach in 2008 after reading  *Radical Forgiveness* , by the late Colin Tipping. His method is just one way to practice forgiveness (which, by the way, has been shown to improve mental health). These takeaways are inspired by Tipping's work:

1. **Tell your story**.  Dissect the offending behavior and how it affects you. Spew it all out — the anger, the hurt, the bitterness — all the ugly, gory feelings you've been carrying inside you.
2. **Feel the feelings**. Close your eyes and evoke the event that's causing you pain. Let it bubble up without intellectualizing. Turn off your thinking brain, Kennedy says
3. **Bring a fresh lens to your story**.  Reexamine your perceptions of life events that have trapped you in the role of victim.
4. **Reframe your story**. Instead of viewing the offending behavior as something done to you, imagine there's something bigger at play: that its true purpose is to reflect something inside you that's ripe for healing.
5. **Integrate the learning, and express your gratitude**. Purging resentment, grudges and all that other negative juju is something to embrace and celebrate.b
6. 

- - - -
##### 01
> Forgiveness has a **PR** problem. Think about all those useless idioms to describe it - stuff like 
> * forgive and forget
>*  turn a blind eye
>*  let bygones be bygones.

PR: 我不确定是不是public relations的简称
turn a blind eye: 假装没看见
 let bygones be bygones： 让过去成为过程

##### 02
> If somebody did something to us, then that person - **perpetrator** should say they're sorry, and the other kid should just say, oh, well, it's OK, and then they're supposed to move on. That's not much of a training in forgiveness, just saying it's OK.

perpetrator: /ˈpərpəˌtreɪdər/  作恶者

##### 03
>**If you're like most**, you can point out those people in your life who've done you wrong. It could be a betraying friend, an ex-spouse, an absent parent, a hostile sibling, an **undermining** colleague. No matter who it involves, the negative emotions it causes can **devour** your well-being.

if you are like most: 如果你跟大多数人一样的话
undermining: lessening(削弱) the effectiveness, power, or ability of someone or something, especially gradually or insidiously. 
devour: 耗尽

##### 04
> I'm Stephanie O'Neill, a regular NPR contributor, here with a beginner's guide to practicing forgiveness, which - spoiler alert - has nothing to do with **turning the other cheek**.

turn the other cheek: 本义是如果有人打你右臉，就把左臉也給他打，引申为宽容大度。If you turn the other cheek when someone harms or insults you, you do not harm or insult them in return. 

##### 05
> I **stumbled onto** the power of forgiveness about a dozen years ago. I had just **extracted** myself from a complicated relationship that, in a few short years, **decimated** my finances and **upended** my life. 

stumble across/on/onto/upon: to find or learn about (something) unexpectedly.意外发现
decimate: /ˈdesəˌmāt/ 摧毁
upend: 颠倒

##### 06
> We only come to forgiveness when we're ready, when we're done replaying revenge fantasies, when the anger and blame no longer **gratifies** our ego. And until we have used up that pain **quotient**, we're just not ready. I don't think it was my time before it was my time.

gratifie:  满足
quotient: level 程度

##### 07
>According to forgiveness experts, the practice of forgiveness is not about **condoning** or making excuses for unfair treatment and other hurtful behaviors. It's not about getting an apology or a show of **remorse** from the offending party. And despite what's portrayed in films, novels, poems and love songs, it's not necessarily about **reconciliation**.

condone: 动词，容忍
remorse: 名词，懊悔
reconciliation:  reconciliation with sb 和解

##### 08
>The findings - those who practice forgiveness, as compared to control groups, report better mental health, in particular a **lessening** of depression and anxiety and increased selfesteem and hope.

lessen: 动词，削弱 减轻

##### 09 
>That's the opposite of what traditional forgiveness tells us to do, which is to pretend you're not angry or hurt. But **honoring** all these raw emotions, Kennedy says, generates an authentic shift in consciousness, which is the gift of real forgiveness.

honor: 怎么理解呢？

##### 10
>Takeaway two - feel the feelings. Kennedy says you can get there by closing your eyes and traveling back in time to the event that's causing you pain. Sit with it, let it **bubble up** and no **intellectualizing**, she says. Turn off your thinking brain and let your feelings lead.

bubble up: 浮现出来
intellectualizing: 要怎么理解呢？intellectualizing in emotion 是情绪化的意思

##### 11
>His life was **punctuated** by a series of failed marriages.

punctuate: (interrupt) 不时打断

##### 12
>Again, revisiting this stuff can be challenging and mentally **taxing**.

taxing: 费力的，使疲劳的

##### 13
>If you've even just **dabbled** in spiritual studies, you've learned that **dissolving** the ego is essential for spiritual growth, which leads us to Takeaway 4 - reframe your story.

dabble in:  dabble in something. to be involved in something in a casual manner. 涉猎
dissolve: 使溶解 

##### 14
>In this stage of radical forgiveness, you may feel some big **resistance** as it asks you to consider that your unpleasant encounters with others reflect something inside you that's **ripe** for healing. Such a reframing of the experience can feel **counterintuitive** or even a bit **woo-woo**.

resistance: 抵抗
ripe: 成熟
counterintuitive: 跟直觉相反的
woo-woo: 令人讨厌

##### 15
Imagine looking into a mirror and seeing a **smudge** on your face. To clean off the smudge, you don't wipe the mirror, you wipe your face.
 
smudge: a blurred or smeared mark on the surface of something. 污迹

##### 16
>Which leads us to takeaway five - integrate the learning and express your gratitude. **Purging** resentment, **grudges** and all that other negative juju is something to embrace and celebrate. Kennedy says whenever she finishes a round of forgiveness work, she seals her newfound peace with a brisk walk or deep-breathing exercises.

purge: 动词，清除
grudge: 名词，积怨
brisk walk: 快步走

##### 17
>We're here to learn lessons, and even from the most horrible things that have ever happened, there are treasures, and we can find them, we can learn from them," she says. "We can say, yes, I want to keep the lesson. I want to let go of the pain. And that is possible through this forgiveness practice.

我很喜欢这段话。
是的，任何事情都可以是成长经历，无论有多痛苦，我们都可以从中学会坚强。

